This is a simple directory reader program.
The program will read the directory entries. Finds a file in the current directory based on user specified criteria.
Reads and processes the data in the chosen file. Then creates a new directory, within this newly created directory, the program will create several text files and writes processed data to those files.

The directory reader program starts and presents two choices to the user:
1. Select the file to process.
2. Exit the program.

If user picks option 1, they are presented with 3 further choices about which file to process:
1. Enter 1 to pick the largest file.
2. Enter 2 to pick the smallest file.
3. Enter 3 to specify the name of a file.

    If user picks choice 1, the directory reader program will find the largest file with the prefix movies_ and the extension csv in the current directory and automatically process that file.

    If user picks choice 2, the directory reader program will find the smallest file with the prefix movies_ and the extension csv in the current directory and automatically process that file.

    If user picks choice 3, the the directory reader program will ask user to provide file name and automatically process that file.

    Whenever the program processes a file, it will:
    1. Create a new directory and print a message with the name of the directory that has been created. The newly created directory will be name myfile.movies.random, where random is the random number between 0 and 99999
    2. Parse data in the chosen file to find out the movies released in each year.
    3. In the newly created directory, create one file for each year in which at least one movie was released. The file will be named YYYY.txt, where YYYY is the 4 digit integer value for the year.
    4. Within the file for a year, write the titles of all movies released in that year, one on each line.

Otherwise, if user picks option 2, the program will end.

Use command make to compile the program
Use the below command to run the program
    ./reader